Add overview to documentation (#445)
dolittle/Runtime: Documentation/Concepts/overview.md

---
title: Overview
description: Get a high-level outline of Dolittle and it's components
weight: 1
repository: https://github.com/dolittle/Runtime
---

Dolittle is a decentralized, distributed, event-driven microservice library built to harness the power of events.

## Components
The Dolittle stack is composed of the SDKs, the Runtime and the [Event Store]({{< ref "event-store" >}}).

> The user code (also called _Head_) is written using the SDKs, which connect to the Runtime.

Author: Updated the sentence

> The runtime is the backend of our system and manages connections from the SDKs and other runtimes to it's Event Store. It's called the runtime as it's what runs and powers the SDK's to do their job.

Author: Updated sentence and removed the last sentence, seemed a bit silly.

The history of events also forms an audit log to help with debugging and auditing.

### Distributed & Decentralized
Dolittle applications are built from microservices that communicate to each other with events. These microservices can scale and fail independently as there is no centralized message bus like in [Kafka](https://kafka.apache.org/). The runtimes and event stores are independent of other parts of the system.

## Microservice
A _microservice_ consist of one or many heads talking to one or many runtimes. The core idea is that a microservice is an independently scalable unit of deployment that can be reused in other parts of the software however you like.

This diagram shows the anatomy of a microservice with one head.

![Example anatomy of a Dolittle microservice](/images/concepts/anatomy.png)

{{< alert title="Read Cache" color="info" >}}
The _Read Cache_ in these pictures is not part of Dolittle. Different situations call for different databases depending on the sort of load and data to be stored.
{{< /alert >}}

### Multi-tenancy

> Multi-tenancy means that a single instance of the software and its supporting infrastructure serves multiple customers. Dolittle supports multi-tenancy by separating the event stores for each tenant so that each tenant can only its own data.

Reviewer: I guess that you missed a couple of words here
```suggestion
Multi-tenancy means that a single instance of the software and its supporting infrastructure serves multiple customers. Dolittle supports multi-tenancy by separating the event stores for each tenant so that each tenant only has access to its own data.
```
